
Privacy Policy for PhoneKavach

This Privacy Statement Regarding
Customer and Online User Information
'Privacy Statement") applies to
Kisshan Suvidha Kendra Private Limited
and its worldwide subsidiaries
("Phone Kavach"
"we"
Or
"our"'), but to not
those Kisshan Suvidha subsidiaries
thathave published their own privacy
and security statements. This Privacy
Statement also doesn't apply to the
websites of our business partners or to
the other third parties, albeittheir
websites are linked to our website. We
recommend you review the privacy
statements of the opposite parties with
which you interact.
This Privacy Declaration governs the
personal Data we collect from our
consumers and online users ("you"'), also
as information we automatically gather
from your online visits (e.g. data
gathered via cookies). Please ask your
warranty statements and Kisshan Suvidha Kendra
Return Policy for policies that apply to
the knowledge persisted hard drives
returned to Phone Kavach.
For this Privacy Statement,
"Retail
partner" ("Client"
"Seller"') means any
subcontractor, merchant or other entity
with whom we've an ongoing business
alliance to supply products, services or
information.
Personal Information means information that classifies you,
like your name, phone number and email
address
Information We Collect
We may ask you to supply
Personal
Information
once
you
use
our
website;
Request
quotes,
services,
support,
downloads,
trials,
whitepapers or data; Place
orders
for
services
or
register
for
events
or
webinars;
Engage in surveys, sweepstakes or
other promotional activities online or
in the other venue;
Subscribe to newsletters, Phone Kavach
programs, promotional emails or other
materials;Apply for employment
submit your resume/CV or create a
candidate profile.
How We Use Personal Information
Phone Kavach uses your Personal Information through 
Phone Kavach website and application
will obtain the mobile number of the
user's mobiledevice, captures photo and
capture the newest location of the
device to locate the device. This
information will only be shared with the
user on his/her request and on
thenumber they will authorize, else will
be kept safe on the server.
*Services and support or perform the
transactions you've got requested*
Send communications to you, like
product safety information, your
transaction status including order
confirmations, information about
particular Phone Kavach programs
duringwhich you've got chosen to
participate, information about products
and services available from
Phone Kavach and its subsidiaries,
promotional offers and surveys.
*Facilitate conversations from Phone Kavach Retail
Partners;*
Customize, examine and enhance our
products, services (including the
content and publications on our
website), technologies,
communications and relationship with
you.
Disclosing Personal Information
We may share your Personal Information with subsidiaries or Retail Partners to
hold out transactions you request, or to secure our business or that of our subsidiaries 
more responsive to your requirements, which incorporates our subsidiaries providing 
you with
information about Kisshan Suvidha (Phone Kavach) , and
Kisshan Suvidha Kendra-branded products and
services. These communications may
include inquiries concerning
Phone Kavach and kisshan Suvidha Kendra-branded
products or services or offers. we'll only share your personal information Retail 
Partners who comply with protect
your Personal Information and use it solely for the needs set forth by
Phone Kavach .
Also, Kisshan Suvidha may share
your Personal Information with
participants in our sales and
retailing chain, including but not
restricted to retailers, resellers,
distributors,integrators, order fulfillers and a few sales agents ("Channel Partners"), for
the limited purposes of selling,
marketing or providing support for
Kisshan Suvidha Kendra products and services.
We can also disclose your Personal Information in reference to law enforcement, fraud 
prevention or other
legal action; as needed by law or
regulation; if Kisshan Suvidha (or a part of
Kisshan Suvidha) is sold or merges with
another company; or if Kisshan Suvidha
reasonably believes it's necessary to
protect Kisshan Suvidha, its customers or the
general public
Except as described above, we'll not disclose your Personal Information to 3rd parties 
for his or her own marketing schemes without your consent.
Your Information .
Personal Information we inquire
about may include your email
address, name, home address and
phone number. If you create a sale, we may ask for your credit card number and 
billing information. We can also ask for your Social Security number and other data to 
process your credit or financing request.
Job applicants could also be asked to
provide information like educational
background, employment practice and job title, and such information can be stored 
and processed in several countries. 
We can also collect demographic information, like your business or company 
information, age,
gender, interests, and preferences.
Forms that you simply prefer to enter your information will show whether the 
information requested is mandatory or optional we may gather Inormation about your
visits to our websites, including the pages you view, the links and
advertisements you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you're taking in 
reference to Phone Kavach (Kisshan Suvidha)
websites and services.
We can also collect certain
information from the browser you
wont to come to our website, like your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and
language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator
(URL) of the web site that referred
you to our website.
To allow you an additional consistent
and personalized experience in your
interactions with Phone Kavach (Kisshan Suvidha),
information obtained by one source could also be combined with information Phone 
Kavach collects through other sources. This might include information that allows us to
recognise you across multiple devices through which you access our websites.
We can also supplement the
information we collect with information obtained from other parties, including our 
Retail Partners and other third
parties.
Some of our services could
also be co-branded and offered in
conjunction with another company. 
If you register or use such services,
both Kisshan Suvidha and therefore the other company may receive information 
collected in conjunction with the co-branded services, and should use the information 
according to each company's privacy statement
and other agreements with you.
How you'll Check/Access Your Information
Kisshan Suvidha wants to help you to stay your Personal Information accurate, to look 
at or update your Personal
Information that has been stored online in your Phone Kavach account, please
visit your Phone Kavach consumer
account on www.PhoneKavach.com/.in
website. For the safety of your account,
you'll be required to sign in with your login ID and password. 
If you've got any inquiries about the sort of personal Information we hold about you or 
if you would like to invite deletion or correction of personal Information we hold about 
you, please send a written request to
Info@phonekavach.com
or the postal
address provided at the bottom of this
Privacy Declaration.
Choosing Your Communication Preferences and (Out of marketing
You may elect to receive or not receive marketing communications from
Phone Kavach Kisshan Suvidha by indicating your preferences. 
Medium to pick your preferences include the following:  
Your Account on
PhoneKavach.com/.in
enable you to choose whether you
would like to urge marketing
communications from
Phone Kavach Kisshan Suvidha Kendra,
and
to subscribe
or
unsubscribe
to-newsletters about our products and services; 
and
At any point you can also call our
customer support and submit a
request to be excluded from our
advertising and marketing lists
(catalogues, telephone, faxes and
email); 
Any marketing by kisshan Suvidha ,
or any third parties on behalf of
Kisshan Suvidha , are goingto be handled
under applicable laws and include
where appropriate methods to
permityou to express your preferences (including the possibility of being
removed from our advertising and
marketing lists as set forth above).
Please provide up to 15 business days for your email preferences to take effect.
How Kisshan Suvidha (Phone kavach) Secure Your Personal Information
Kisshan Suvidha Phone Kavach takes all understandable
steps to preserve your Personal Information
from misuse, also
as unapproved access,
alteration or disclosure. Theways we do
that include:
Applying encryption when receiving or
transferring sensitive information,
like
credit card details;
Limiting physical
access
to
ourpremises;
Limiting
access
to
the info
we collect
about you;
Assuring that we and our Business
Partners have proper security
safeguards to stay personal
information secure; and
Where needed by law, destroying or de-identifying
Personal Information.
Collection and Use of Children's Personal Information
Phone Kavach Kisshan Suvidha kendra Pvt Ltd takes children's privacy
seriously. 
We don't intentionally collect
personal information from children
under the age of 13 through our
websites. 
If you're under 13 years of
age, please don't offer any personal
information on our websites without
the express consent and participation
of a parent or guardian.
*our conditions of sale, website
terms and/or separate contracts (if
applicable) with you;*
Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities;
Protect the safety or integrity of our
website(s), our business(es), or our
products or services; or Otherwise,
as disclosed to you at the point of
collection.
Personal Information collected could
also be stored and processed in India or
the other country during which
Phone Kavach or its subsidiaries or Retail
Partners maintain facilities.
*How We and Our Partners Use Cookies and Web
Beacons*
Kisshan Suvidha Kendra Phone Kavach websites use third-party
"cookies"
to enable you to
sign into our services and to assist
personalize your online experience.
These information collected about you'll also
be used to track your movement across multiple devices. We use cookies to save your
preferences and other information
on your computer to save you time by omitting the necessity to enter an equivalent 
information frequently.
A cookie is a piece of text that's stored
on your computer's disk drive
depending on the settings you've got
chosen, 
your browser adds the text to
your device as a small file. 
Many browsers are set to simply accept cookies by default. 
You'll accept or decline cookies as you favor. 
the help
portion of your browser, possibly found
on the toolbar, 
typically tells you ways to
stop your browser from accepting new cookies, 
the way to have the browser
notify you once you receive a new cookie,
or how to disable cookies altogether.
Cookies allow you to take advantage of
a number of phone Kavach  essential features. If you select to decline
cookies, you'll not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of
Phone Kavach websites and services that depend upon cookies. 
*Targeted Display Advertising by Phone Kavach Kisshan Suvidha Kendra and
others Partners*
Partners also works with advertising
and personalization Business Partners to
use cookies, Internet browsing, cross-
mobile application browsing and online purchase data across multiple devices to assist
us display personalized content
and appropriate advertisina during your visits to other Applications.
PhoneKavach.com/.in and other websites.
Cookies placed by these Business
Partners also assist us with measuring
the performance of our advertising
campaigns and with identifying the
pages you view, the links and ads you click on, other actions you're taking on
those sites, 
and therefore the site from
which you came before arriving at a web page. 
These cookies can be effective
whether you're on PhoneKavach.com or
another website.
"Do Not Track" Signals
Please note that while you'll have the chance to opt-out of targeted
advertising through the "Learn more"
link above and you'll be able to control the utilization of cookies through your web 
browser as described within the
"How We and Our Associates Use
Cookies"
section above, some web
browsers can also offer you the ability to
enable a
"do not track"
setting. This
setting sends a special signal to the websites you encounter while web browsing. This
"do not track"
signal is
different from disabling certain sorts of
tracking by declining cookies in your browser settings, as browsers with the
"do not track"
setting enabled still have
the capacity to simply accept cookies.
Phone Kavach doesn't answer web browser
"do not track”
signals at this time. 
If we do so within the future, we'll
describe how we do so in this Privacy
Statement.
Email Marketing by Kisshan Suvidha Phone kavach
Some marketing you receive, including
email marketing, can also be
personalized supported your visits to
PhoneKavach.com and your browsing and purchase history. once
you click on some links in email
marketing you receive; our email service
provider may place a cookie on your
browser. this sort of cookie would be
linked to your email address or IP
address and used to gather information
about the products and services you
view and purchase on PhoneKavach.com.
Information collected could also be used
to personalize and customize future email marketing messages you receive. you'll opt 
out of this use by agreeing on
the unsubscribe link provided in every personalised email marketing message
you receive.
*How PhoneKavach and Our Partners Use Tracking Technology web Beacons and Pixel
Tags *
Phone Kavach or its Business Partners may apply web beacons on our websites,
in our email messages, 
in our advertisements on other websites, 
or in our advertisements in others' email
messages. Similarly, third parties whose
content or advertisements appear at PhoneKavach.com, 
or whose email
messages Phonekavach.com transmits to our users,can also place web beacons
in their advertisements or email
messages for purposes of estimating the effectiveness of the content,
advertisements or email messages.
A web beacon is an electronic image
which will be used to identify a cookie on
your computer once you view a web page or email message. 
Web beacons
help us estimate the effectiveness of our website and our advertising in various ways, 
for instance, web beacons may calculate the number  of people who visit
our website from a specific
advertisement or who perform a
purchase from our website after seeing
a specific advertisement or they may report us when a web page is viewed
and provide a summary of the page where the web beacon is placed. Web beacons 
can also estimate the  effectiveness of our email campaigns, by
counting the number of people who open
or act upon an email message,
determining when an email message is
opened and concluding how many times
an email message is forwarded. Subject
M to local laws, 
we may combine the
information that we receive through web
beacons with other Personal Information
we've gathered from you.
We may allow some of our Business
Partners to gather individual or
aggregated statistics from the
utilization of web beacons on
PhoneKavach.com by Kisshan Suvidha ,
 its agents or others, to work out the effectiveness of online marketing and to
develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement leads to a purchase or 
other action on the advertiser's site. Aggregate information may include demographic 
and usage
information. 
No Personal Information
about you is shared with Business
Partners for this analysis.
You can make some web beacons
unusable by rejecting cookies in your web browser as described within the
How We and Our Partners Use Cookies and Web Beacons 
section above.
When you visit our websites or view one
of our email messages, we may use pixel
tags (also called "clear" gifs), following
links and/or similar technology to note a
number of the pages you visit on our
websites. We can also use pixel tags to
determine what sorts of email vour
browser supports. We may use the
knowledge gathered through web
beacons, pixel tags, tracking links and
similar technology together with your
Personal Information to personalize your
experience on PhoneKavach.com and to
provide you withmore useful and
relevant advertisements.
Social Media 
Our website may incorporate social
media features, including Facebook
"Like"
' button and Twitter "Follow" button.
These features may gather your IP
address, which page you're visiting on our
site, and should set a cookie to enable
the feature to function properly. 
Social
media features are either hosted by a 3rd
party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are
governed by the privacy policy of the third party company providing it.
Links to Third-Party Websites and Services
Please remember that phonekavach Kisshan Suvidha kendra
gives links to other websites, which if you click on them may collect Personal
Information about you. 
The information
usages of these third-party websites
linked to phonekavach.com aren't
covered by this Privacy Statement.
We generally use the
" symbol to mark
links that go to third party websites.
Refund Policy
Once we accept the cancellation request,
Refund are going to be processed in 3-4
business days and can only be credited to the customer's registered bank
account. 
Any modifications within the
bank account details will take 48
business hours from the time of the request. 
If a customer loses his mobile
phone, therein case We Kisshan Suvidha Phone Kavach aren't liable for
any reasonably refund to
the customer's loss. That loss are going to be only bearable by the customer.
Cancellation Policy
Orders can be withdrawn or replaced
within 24 hours from the
time of the welcome call
or 48 business hours from the time
of order placement. For
Cancellations please contact us on +91-
8860000151 or write an email at
support@Phonekavach.com. Requests
received
later than 48 business hours from the time of order placement/24 hours from
the time of welcome call whichever is
later won't be treated.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We will hardly update this Privacy
Statement. If we do changes to this
Privacy Declaration or make any material
changes to how we use your Personal
Information, we'll update this Privacy
Statement to reflect such modifications
and update this Privacy Statement's
effective date, included at the end of this
section. We urge you to periodically
review this Privacy Declaration to be
informed of how we are using and
protecting your Personal Information.
Contact Us
If you wish to reach us for
any cause regarding our
privacy practices, please
communicate to us at the
subsequent address:
Kisshan Suvidha Kendra Private Limited
Head Office:
252,BM ,Sant Nagar,East Of Kailash,New Delhi-110065
Registered Address-2/55,Bikaner House,Sahajaha Road,New Delhi-110011
You may also email us at
phonekavach@gmail.com
+91 8860000151
Effective Date: May 05,
2021.